Updated Requirements 

1. Online Access
	The user must be able to search the domain on a mobile application or 
	a computer desktop and access the website and its functions. All users 
	must be able to access the website where ever and when ever.

2. User Registration
	All users must be able to have the option and ability to create an account
	through the webpage and access information regarding their profile. The user
	must provide a user name, email, name, and password to be able to create an
	account.

3. Usable without registration
	All users that access the webpage must have the ability to take the quiz without
	signing in or creating a profile. This will allow any user to continue anonymously
	through the webpage and browse most of the capabilities. The user will not be able
	to store information regarding their account and past quiz scores in this feature.

4. Test written/ practical driving skills via quiz
	The webpage must have a function that is in the form of a quiz. The quiz will be 
	related to driving skills that will help the user prepare for the real life 
	driving exam. The user must have the option to click on taking the quiz and 
	answer each question through the quiz. The quiz could be a variety of different
	types of questions.

5. Allow appropriate government access
	The DMV/DOT must have the ability to create an account through the webpage that 
	allows them the option to view scores taken by other users. This feature will give
	the user the ability to view scores and names of other users participating in the
	online quiz.

6. Payment system, subscription based
	The webpage must have the ability to accept payments electronically both account 
	subscriptions and donations to the webpage. The payment system must be easily 
	functional from the user side and collect to one account.

7. Allow parental review for minor users
	The webpage must have the ability to have different types of accounts available 
	in the form of a parent account and a regular user. The parent must be able to 
	create a parent account and link their account with their dependents account. 
	The dependent account will be sent a verification email that will link the 2 
	accounts together.

8. Social media integration
	The system must have the feature for the user to connect to their social media 
	platforms through their individual accounts. This way users can so called "brag" 
	about their scores and/ore liking for the webpage. The social media platforms 
	used will be facebook and twitter.

9. Monetization
	The system must have the ability to accept donations through the form of paypal
	so that any user, anonymous or registered, can make a donation to the website. 
	The system will be connected to a single paypal account that all donations will
	be collected in.

10. Central data storage
	The system must have its own database of information that the system will store 
	information regarding tests  scores for users. The database should be able to be 
	accessed to display previous results for users at any given time.
	
	